                    CSE 260, Parallel Computation
                            (Spring 2024)
           Department of Computer Science and Engineering 	
                 University of California, San Diego 	


		Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #1

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form. 
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.
If you worked alone leave column B blank

(1) List the names of your team members:

A: Haoxuan Wang

 
B: Jingyu Wu

 
 
(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

  	                        A 	       B
meetings 	  	  	    5              5 
coding 	  	  	        10             10
writeup 	  	  	    2              3
planning (alone) 	  	3  	           5
total (including meetings) 	  20	  23


(3) Discuss the following.
(a) If you worked in a team, what were the major responsibilities
    of each team member?
(b) Did you complete the assignment?
(c) What were your major strengths and weaknesses in doing this
    assignment (individually or in a team)?
    If in a team, also discuss how your team worked together.
(d) What  lessons did you learn from these events.
(e) If in a team, whether and how you plan to change the way
    your work together .
(f) Anything else that comes to mind.
(g) What suggestions do you have to improve this assignment?

Answer: 
(a) A: packing routines, hypterparameter tuning (mainly getting automated script to work), writing reports on corresponding parts.
(b) Yes
(c) We have good communitation, because we know each other for long. 
But we are both "software" people and not good at some basic hardware/architechture concepts.
So we understood things more slowly.
(d) "Start early, start often." is reinforced once again. Glad that we did it this time.
(e) I think we are good. Nothing significant to change.
(f) Not really.
(g) Not sure if this is intended, but it could be better to write comment on the function args, 
especially those Mr, Nr, etc. that are often different in each literature.